The Oceansky encompasses the entire plane of existence. It is understood to be an inverted sphere where water makes up the sphere "wall." It is not known if anything exists outside of Oceansky, but certain cultures within it who have developed their ocean exploration technology have attempted to find the bottom of the sea and have not yet succeeded.
The center of the sphere is void, through which the other side and the islands which lay there are visible at night.

# The Oceansky Mythology
The most comprehensive and accurate account of Oceansky's origins comes from the T'va Islands.

> Long ago, all the land of the world was gathered in one place under one sun. The sun never set over the world, but constantly provided light, warmth, and life to the world. Humankind lived in peace with one another for untold ages. However, as humanity developed on the world, so did their greed, ambition, and vanity. Though the land and its resources were plentiful, people began to fight over ownership, which led to a time of great war. For one hundred years this evil age continued, until the land itself was so grieved by humanity's actions that it split itself into a thousand pieces so that humankind would not be altogether destroyed by one another. These solitary islands drifted through the sea until they were so far apart that they had left the farthest reaches of the sun. Humanity began to grow sick without the light and cried out that they were alone without help. So the sun showed mercy to the people and split itself into a thousand pieces, one for every island, and each smaller light provided warmth and life to a different piece of land. But humans grow arrogant easily, so to remind them what it was like to live without light, the sun's pieces dipped themselves into the sea to plunge the land in darkness at the end of every day. The lands drifted far and wide, drifting so far that they climbed into the water of the sky, their suns now calling out to one another from the dark. It is said that when the people of one land reach a peace and harmony akin to the way it was before the divide, their land will find another such people and their lights will be joined together, the people of each land now able to reach one another once again. But the sun can only wait for peace for so long. At the rejoining, when all of the land has drifted through the entirety of the sea and found its other parts once more, all of the lands which hold to evil ways and warring tendencies will be cast out, their light to leave them forever. But the lands which seek peace and goodness and mercy towards others will be joined together once more, never to live without the full light of the great sun again.

B